[Music]
we snuck into the Miami Boat Show a day
early to get a look at some of the
newest outboards and we're starting here
at Yamaha with the F 90 this is an
all-new engine the 1.8 liter power head
that replaces the previous 1.6 liter
engine so it's got 13% more displacement
but it also weighs 13 pounds less and
has 40% more charging power let's take a
look under the cowl we've got to take
off this plastic cover which is a nice
feature because they protect the wiring
on the back of the engine the 115 is
also a 1.8 liter power head but that's a
double overhead cam engine Yamaha went
with a single overhead cam in this
engine which makes the whole motor much
more compact and also left room to put
the vapor separator tank here where it's
very easy to service now this little gem
is the all-new Yamaha F 25 Yamaha has
been working on this motor for a long
time and it really shows weighs 126
pounds it makes it the lightest 25
horsepower motor in the market today and
it's astounding 42 pounds less than the
previous F 25 the other big news is this
has battery lift electronic fuel
injection designed to start on one pull
will give you a better fuel economy and
also better run ability in every weather
condition boat insurance a key knighted
marine underwriters we're simply the
best at what we do just boat insurance
we offer comprehensive insurance
coverage for all your boating needs boat
insurance quotes on your screen in 90
seconds
United marine underwriters